welcome to a spoiled birds calm 3d
birdhouse plan where birds go for houses
this birdhouse is designed for a blue
jay or a Robin they like to build their
nests at with a open platform or open
house so there's no front to this
birdhouse and the material that you're
gonna use for this is either water metal
it depends what you like to use with the
wood material it is 1/4 of an inch thick
and the tools are all basic tools that
you'd build a birdhouse with you're
going to need a protractor for the
angles you will need a square to make
sure things are square a tape measure
saw a screwdriver or a drill with some
bits
I'm just basics and we are first gonna
start as far as explaining how to do
this we're gonna start it with the side
of this birdhouse it's the most
difficult part of the birdhouse to build
we give you all the dimensions the back
part is seven and a half inches tall and
then it's the bottom section is four
inches
now you first cut as far as width and
you're probably gonna want to cut it so
seven and a half inches and then six
inches or I'm actually six six inches
wide and then come in here and make your
top angle cut which is six and one
sixteenths we have the angles on the
other side I'll show you those soon now
your legs from the middle section to the
bottom is 3 and 3/4 this length is 3 and
7/8 and then the top angle slanted piece
is 4 and 1/4 now let's scroll to the
other side so that you can see the
angles that is a good view right there
alright so this top angle here is 97.1
the bottom angle is eighty two point
nine the left side 52 point one and then
this outside piece is eighty two point
nine and as we go down here it's 75
point one degree
now let's rotate in the back of this
birdhouse it is 8 inches wide 9 inches
deep the bottom of the birdhouse will
scroll over eight inches wide and eight
inches deep so it is a perfect square
makes it easier to build for sure the
top of this birdhouse is 8 inches wide 8
and 1/16 steep and the separation or the
space between the top or the roof and
then the top of the back is 1 inch and
you have a just a basic hole here to
attach to a post or a tree those are all
the dimensions you're going to need for
this birdhouse we look forward to seeing
the actual bird houses built using this
plan and we hope you come back to build
some more birdhouses with our plans and
we love helping you to spoil your Birds
thanks from squirrel birds com